add SNCB/NMBS profile (#169)
public-transport/hafas-client: p/sncb/readme.md

# SNCB profile for `hafas-client`

> [*Hamburger Verkehrsverbund (SNCB)*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamburger_Verkehrsverbund) is the major public transport provider of [Belgium](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belgium). This profile adds *SNCB*-specific customizations to `hafas-client`.

Reviewer: copy/paste error in link/link title

> [*Hamburger Verkehrsverbund (SNCB)*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hamburger_Verkehrsverbund) is the major public transport provider of [Belgium](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belgium). This profile adds *SNCB*-specific customizations to `hafas-client`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The [*National Railway Company of Belgium (NMBS/SNCB)*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Railway_Company_of_Belgium) is the major national transport provider of [Belgium](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Belgium). This profile adds *SNCB*-specific customizations to `hafas-client`.
```
